hany Mahmud our correspondent is live
for us in southern Gaza in Rafa good
morning hany let's just begin with those
uh overnight Air Raids and Strikes what
more can you tell us about
them yes good morning well uh the
pattern that we're seeing of a night
routine of massive waves of attacks on
the central area and the northern part
of the Gaza City and the Gaza Strip just
creating a maximum psychological torture
coupled with constant bombing and a flee
F resulting in further displacement and
civilian casualties we're looking at uh
more residential buildings being
targeted and destroyed in the in major
part of the Central Area including the
refugee camps both of theat Al magazi
refugee camp as well as the eastern part
of Dar City and area where people
initially were told it is safe and they
they would be much safer and to move to
that area but end up being bombed in
their residential home civil defense
crew paramedics are finding it extremely
difficult with the lack of equipment and
with the lack of proper Machinery they
use bare hand the the they mobilize
volunteers from local areas to help
remove these large pieces of of concrete
in at the same time the northern part of
the Gaza Strip also seen a massive wave
of aerial attacks as well as artillery
Shilling and just the early hours of
of last night were coupled with the the
earlier attacks on a a a law enforcement
a a post that is a station on Salah Road
very close to sha neighborhood securing
the delivery of humanitarian Aiden what
seems to be a deliberate attacks to
create a a civil collapse and a state of
chaos uh when when humanitarian Aid
delivered to the northern part in Gaza
City in an earlier attack an in aural
Center and a sported Club where hundreds
of families from not only sha
neighborhood but the surrounding
neighborhoods and areas were Sheltering
we're looking at at least 10 people
mostly men and women and children as
large number of casualties over
transferred to Al Baptist Hospital
giving the difficulties and the risk of
going to a shifa hospital as the Israeli
military is still operating aggressively
not only within the complex itself but
causing a great deal of death of
Destruction to the surrounding
residential buildings and systematically
demolishing homes and and res and public
facilities and setting number of the
buildings at the vicinity of the area on
fire of course the ongoing overview that
you've given us of the strip it is
worrying for everybody that's there but
closer to home where you are Hanny in
Rafa there is this ongoing dread that
the Rafa incursion by the Israelis could
happen at any time what is the feeling
right now on a day-to-day
basis yes it's a very very risky right
now and and the ongoing threats of
expanding the ground Invasion to Rafa
City not only causing uh people to get
exhausted and tired of the state of
panic but also uh the fear that the fate
of Raa is going to be similar to the
northern part and Gaza City and the City
of Kan unit where we seen an entire city
including its public facilities and
infrastructure being obliterated here uh
the disappointment is that the UN
Security Council resolution is not
implemented yet and more frustration
disappointment after the US decision to
supply arms and and more Arsenal to the
Israeli military what seems for a lot of
people here it is a preparation for a
massiv ground Invasion to Rafa City H
mahm therefore for is in Rafa of course
will be touching with you through the
day honey thank you